#Commons BeanUtils
Most Java developers are used to creating Java classes that conform(遵守,符合) to the JavaBeans naming patterns for property **getters** and **setters**. It is natural to then access these methods directly, using calls to the corresponding getXxx and setXxx methods. However, there are some occasions where dynamic access to Java object properties (without compiled-in knowledge of the property getter and setter methods to be called) is needed. Example use cases include:
                  
- Building scripting languages that interact with the Java object model (such as the Bean Scripting Framework).            
- Building template language processors for web presentation and similar uses (such as JSP or Velocity).            
- Building custom tag libraries for JSP and XSP environments (such as Jakarta Taglibs, Struts, Cocoon).             
Consuming XML-based configuration resources (such as Ant build scripts, web application deployment descriptors, Tomcat's server.xml file).            
             
The Java language provides Reflection and Introspection APIs (**see the java.lang.reflect and java.beans packages in the JDK Javadocs**). However, these APIs can be quite complex to understand and utilize. **The BeanUtils component provides easy-to-use wrappers around these capabilities.**
                            
###Three jars
- commons-beanutils.jar - **contains everything** The main **commons-beanutils.jar** has an optional dependency on **Commons Collections**                     
                
- commons-beanutils-core.jar - **excludes Bean Collections classes**             
- commons-beanutils-bean-collections.jar - **only Bean Collections classes **                         
                   
###Bean Collections
Bean collections is a library combining BeanUtils with Commons Collections to provide services for collections of beans. Bean Collections has an additional dependency on Commons Collections.                    
           
Please click the link [Official Site](http://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-beanutils/) to see details.   
              
          

